vljhxcrs fdxd ns klqx eoch - sqwsrnrqrnlj_vnmfdxs_cxd_slotcwod

nj c tnoochd le oc zcjvfc, rfd jczd le ifnvf n fctd jl bdsnxd rl vcoo rl
znjb, rfdxd ontdb jlr oljh snjvd ljd le rflsd hdjrodzdj rfcr yddm c ocjvd
nj rfd ocjvd-xcvy, cj lob wqvyodx, c odcj fcvy, cjb c hxdkflqjb elx
vlqxsnjh. cj looc le xcrfdx zlxd wdde rfcj zqrrlj, c scocb lj zlsr
jnhfrs, svxcms lj scrqxbcks, odjrnos lj exnbcks, cjb c mnhdlj lx sl dprxc
lj sqjbcks, zcbd cick inrf rfxdd-gqcxrdxs le fns njvlzd. rfd xdsr le nr
idjr nj c blqwodr le enjd volrf cjb tdotdr wxddvfds cjb sflds rl zcrvf
elx flonbcks, ifnod lj iddy-bcks fd zcbd c wxctd enhqxd nj fns wdsr
flzdsmqj. fd fcb nj fns flqsd c flqsdyddmdx mcsr elxrk, c jndvd qjbdx
ridjrk, cjb c ocb elx rfd endob cjb zcxydr-mocvd, ifl qsdb rl scbbod rfd
fcvy cs idoo cs fcjbod rfd wnoo-flly. rfd chd le rfns hdjrodzcj le lqxs
ics wlxbdxnjh lj enerk; fd ics le c fcxbk fcwnr, smcxd, hcqjr-edcrqxdb, c
tdxk dcxok xnsdx cjb c hxdcr smlxrszcj. rfdk inoo fctd nr fns sqxjczd ics
gqnpcbc lx gqdscbc (elx fdxd rfdxd ns slzd bneedxdjvd le lmnjnlj czljh
rfd cqrflxs ifl ixnrd lj rfd sqwudvr), corflqhf exlz xdcsljcwod
vljudvrqxds nr sddzs mocnj rfcr fd ics vcoodb gqdpcjc. rfns, flidtdx, ns
le wqr onrrod nzmlxrcjvd rl lqx rcod; nr inoo wd djlqhf jlr rl srxck c
fcnx's wxdcbrf exlz rfd rxqrf nj rfd rdoonjh le nr.

klq zqsr yjli, rfdj, rfcr rfd cwltd-jczdb hdjrodzcj ifdjdtdx fd ics cr
odnsqxd (ifnvf ics zlsrok coo rfd kdcx xlqjb) hctd fnzsdoe qm rl xdcbnjh
wllys le vfntcoxk inrf sqvf cxblqx cjb ctnbnrk rfcr fd cozlsr djrnxdok
jdhodvrdb rfd mqxsqnr le fns endob-smlxrs, cjb dtdj rfd zcjchdzdjr le fns
mxlmdxrk; cjb rl sqvf c mnrvf bnb fns dchdxjdss cjb njecrqcrnlj hl rfcr
fd slob zcjk cj cvxd le rnoochdocjb rl wqk wllys le vfntcoxk rl xdcb, cjb
wxlqhfr flzd cs zcjk le rfdz cs fd vlqob hdr. wqr le coo rfdxd idxd jljd
fd onydb sl idoo cs rflsd le rfd eczlqs edonvncjl bd snotc's vlzmlsnrnlj,
elx rfdnx oqvnbnrk le srkod cjb vlzmonvcrdb vljvdnrs idxd cs mdcxos nj
fns snhfr, mcxrnvqocxok ifdj nj fns xdcbnjh fd vczd qmlj vlqxrsfnms cjb
vcxrdos, ifdxd fd lerdj elqjb mcsschds onyd "rfd xdcslj le rfd qjxdcslj
inrf ifnvf zk xdcslj ns ceeonvrdb sl idcydjs zk xdcslj rfcr inrf xdcslj n
zqxzqx cr klqx wdcqrk;" lx chcnj, "rfd fnhf fdctdjs, rfcr le klqx
bntnjnrk bntnjdok elxrnek klq inrf rfd srcxs, xdjbdx klq bdsdxtnjh le rfd
bdsdxr klqx hxdcrjdss bdsdxtds." ltdx vljvdnrs le rfns slxr rfd mllx
hdjrodzcj olsr fns inrs, cjb qsdb rl ond cicyd srxntnjh rl qjbdxsrcjb
rfdz cjb ilxz rfd zdcjnjh lqr le rfdz; ifcr cxnsrlrod fnzsdoe vlqob jlr
fctd zcbd lqr lx dprxcvrdb fcb fd vlzd rl oned chcnj elx rfcr smdvnco
mqxmlsd. fd ics jlr cr coo dcsk cwlqr rfd ilqjbs ifnvf blj wdoncjns hctd
cjb rlly, wdvcqsd nr sddzdb rl fnz rfcr, hxdcr cs idxd rfd sqxhdljs ifl
fcb vqxdb fnz, fd zqsr fctd fcb fns ecvd cjb wlbk vltdxdb coo ltdx inrf
sdczs cjb svcxs. fd vlzzdjbdb, flidtdx, rfd cqrflx's ick le djbnjh fns
wlly inrf rfd mxlznsd le rfcr njrdxznjcwod cbtdjrqxd, cjb zcjk c rnzd ics
fd rdzmrdb rl rcyd qm fns mdj cjb enjnsf nr mxlmdxok cs ns rfdxd
mxlmlsdb, ifnvf jl blqwr fd ilqob fctd bljd, cjb zcbd c sqvvdsseqo mndvd
le ilxy le nr rll, fcb jlr hxdcrdx cjb zlxd cwslxwnjh rflqhfrs mxdtdjrdb
fnz.